-[people screaming]
-[gunshots]
[woman sobbing]
[Tanaka] Shitbag corporations.
They control everything now.
[dinging]
[Tanaka] Food.
-Medicine.
-[pleasant music playing]
[Tanaka] Fuel!
[woman sobbing]
Even this place.
[continues sobbing]
[Tanaka] Just got to squeeze
every last drop of blood
out of the little guy, right?
Now, I do not like speaking in absolutes.
But I've got to tell you, fellas,
I absolutely wish every single one
of these corporate, cockroach assholes
be taken out to the woods,
and the woods set on fire!
This is taking too long, boss.
Norman, how we doing?
We're close, boss. Yeah.
[Tanaka] Carol, I worked in a casino once.
Until they fired me.
For stabbing
a pit boss in the eye. [chuckles]
And then he got fired
because what's the use
of a one-eyed pit boss?
Am I right, Carol? [chuckles]
[dings]
You know who had me fired, Carol?
-Hmm?
-[moans]
[Tanaka] No?
The shit-bag corporations.
[dings]
[sobbing]
[Tanaka] You tell me.
[continues sobbing]
[dings]
[whispers] Who do you work for?
Huh?
[dings]
Oh, for the love of freaking God!
Who's covering the elevators?
-[elevator opening]
-[man 2] Floyd was up there!
[western music playing]
[dings]
What? Hey, you with the headphones!
Yeah.
The hell you think you're doing?
Me, oh, I, I just, um…
I came here to place a bet.
[upbeat music playing]
[grunting]
[coughs]
[all grunting]
[glass breaking]
[grunts]
[gunshots]
[groans]
God damn, Spike!
You were supposed to wait for my signal.
I was wondering when you'd show up.
[man 3 screaming]
[both grunting]
[gunshot]
-[groans]
-[both grunting]
[both grunting]
-[grunts] Hey!
-[gasps]
[grunting]
[man 4 yelling]
[both grunting]
[groans]
[grunts]
[yells]
Come on, Spike,
we have to take them alive!
-How many times have I told you?
-[scoffs]
[yells]
[grunts]
[women whimpering]
Yeah, what was that
about taking them alive?
Shut up. You didn't kill Tanaka, did you?
-Uh--
-[Tanaka] Drop the guns!
[whimpering]
Not yet.
I am walking out of here!
Or she dies. [chuckles]
Or she dies? Wait, that's…
That's your hostage? [chuckles]
-Spike…
-What is she? Like 80?
I mean, she looks like
she's led a very full, rich life.
-Haven't you, ma'am?
-Spike!
You've got kids, right?
You're ready to go.
[shuddering]
[toilet flushing]
[grunts]
What the hell, Frank?
Who takes a shit in the middle of a heist?
Goddamn pigs!
Stay back!
Jesus Christ, is that a Disruptor?
Listen, buddy,
you can't fire that thing in here.
Watch me, asshole.
[charging]
Uh, Frank, let's take it easy
with that thing, all right?
We're all going to be sensible, right?
Right, Spike?
I ain't screwing around, cop.
[Spike] See, that's your mistake.
I'm not a cop.
And you're not worth that much.
Piece of shit, cowboy!
Damn.
-So rude.
-[grunts]
[whooshing]
[engine shutting down]
[jazz music playing]
[Spike] Hold on!
Jet!
[screaming]
[grunting]
[yells]
Shit!
-I got him!
-Go!
[both grunting]
[all screaming]
The shielding switch! Where is it?
It's over there!
[ringing]
[grunting]
[all screaming]
[all groaning]
[chuckles]
-[grunts]
-[breathing heavily]
[groaning]
[Jet] You okay?
Yeah.
[whining]
Just to be clear…
We don't get paid
if we bring them in dead,
but damaged is okay?
I'd say very badly damaged
would be A-okay.
Huh?
[grunts]
Who are you?
Just a humble bounty hunter, ma'am.
[opening theme music playing]
[eerie music playing]
[woman moaning]
[breathing heavily]
[sighs]
[jazz music playing]
[exhales]
[indistinct chatter over radio]
[man over radio]
Transport Class Designation "BeBop."
We have you on approach.
Astro Gate toll will be deducted
from your account.
I'm going to take a piss in transit.
Wanna charge me for that too?
[man] We already do, BeBop.
-Read the fine print.
-Jesus.
[man] Papers are good.
You are clear for travel.
[engine accelerating]
[warbling]
[creaking]
[clicking button]
[creaking continues]
[grunting]
[sizzling]
[Jet] We'll turn Tanaka in on Europa.
Assuming you don't kill him
before we get there.
[inhales] That's a big assumption.
[Jet] I hope his price went up.
Kimmie has a birthday coming up
and you wouldn't believe
how much a kid's doll costs.
[Spike] Oh, yeah?
Yeah. Be nice to be out
of the red for once.
Hmm.
[imitates Jet] All the shit
you've been through,
you're overdue for some good luck.
-Am I right?
-That's right, smart guy.
[chuckling] That sounded like you,
admit it. Come on.
[laughs] Goddamn thing. [inhales]
[Spike] They can grow you
a new arm, you know.
[groans softly] You know,
sometimes when you lose something,
there's just no getting it back.
Any more fortune cookies
you want to crack open, or can we eat now?
You work at being an asshole?
No, actually, it comes naturally.
Unlike your arm.
[laughs]
Eat your damn peppers.
Yeah.
[indistinct chatter over radio]
[crow cawing]
[indistinct chatter]
[dramatic music playing]
Are you sure this is the place?
Everything's going to be fine. Trust me.
May I have a glass of water?
No water today.
Does it look like
I should be drinking tequila?
You look like you should be
drinking nothing but tequila.
[laughing]
Got something for me?
[ominous music playing]
[Asimov] Red Eye.
I can get you a hundred vials today.
Bullshit. You're wasting my time!
[Asimov] Listen.
You don't know
what I've been through to get this.
It's real.
I need proof first.
If it is what you say it is,
then we make a deal.
Then, we have cupcakes.
Cupcakes?
Yeah, who don't like cupcakes?
Show me.
[gasps]
[breath trembling]
[groaning]
Asimov.
[whistling]
[Asimov groaning]
[clears throat]
[Asimov laughing]
Tell me. Tell me, what does it feel like?
It feels like I just mainlined God!
[warbling]
[Tommy] Hey.
[grunts]
[Tommy] You screwed up bad, Asimov.
You shouldn't take what's not yours.
The Syndicate wants their Red Eye back.
[groaning]
Shit. He's using!
-[Asimov grunting]
-[music playing]
[both grunting]
[breathing heavily]
[jazz music playing]
[warbling]
[beeping]
[indistinct chatter over radio]
Are you kidding me with this shit?
You know the drill.
Credit goes into your account,
minus expenses.
And the station fees.
-Lookie here, buddy, you put--
-[officer] Next.
Next!
[Tanaka] No.
[grunts]
[Chalmers] Hey, buddy.
Is that Tanaka?
Kudos! But I could have sworn
he had a crew of six, Jet.
I'm only seeing one here.
Thought you were working
a case on Ganymede.
Well, my plans changed
when I heard you were coming in.
Good haul?
Ah, pocket change for hauling
in an anal fissure.
Piece of shit, cowboy.
[screams]
[groans]
One that walks with a limp.
[chuckles] That's pretty funny.
I'd say
it's good to see you again, Chalmers,
but it wasn't.
Yeah.
Ah, shit.
Hey, Jet! Hold up.
Listen, there's a bounty coming up.
It's not on the wire yet.
Some asshole shot up a bar on TJ.
Yeah?
Why are you giving it to me?
Personally, I wouldn't cross the street
to piss on you if you were on fire,
but your ex-wife asked me to throw you
a bone every now and again, so…
While you were throwing her
your own bone, I bet.
[sighs] Take it or leave it, pal.
I could give a shit.
[sighs]
[saxophone music playing]
[grunting]
[motor starts]
[Spike sighs]
-A hundred thousand?
-Yeah.
Barely covers fuel. Never mind food.
I thought you said
this bounty was going to go up?
Well, it did!
Tanaka was worth $1.5 million!
We got charged
for half the goddamn casino
floating out into space!
Hey, it's not our fault
somebody brought a Disruptor to a robbery.
If you would have waited, like I told you,
we could have controlled it!
Just a few of Tanaka's dogs
could have offset the property damage.
But you had to kill them all, Spike.
In my defense,
you tagged the guy with the gold grill,
just as you were telling me
to take him alive, right?
See the look on his face, though?
[chuckles]
He did look pretty shocked. [chuckling]
He was shocked and then he was dead.
[both laugh]
Come on. I got a lead on a bounty.
Asimov Solensan.
Post-Earth refugee.
This is the big lead you got?
Doesn't look like he'll keep the lights on
much less buy me a lobster dinner.
What about the Doleac bounty?
I hear he's still out by the Belt.
I told you. Running after ship-jackers
is a wild goose chase.
And this guy's right in front of us.
Last seen in New Tijuana.
T…
TJ, no. No TJ.
What now?
[sighs] Do you know what I got
the last time I was on TJ?
Herpes? [chuckles]
Stabbed.
You know what I was doing?
Buying a churro.
There's got to be something better, Jet.
Come on.
[Jet] My daughter's turning eight.
And I can't afford to buy her a present
because of you.
I can't afford
a goddamn Walking Sally Doll,
which is apparently all the goddamn rage
in little girls' toys.
Because of you!
Now, this is my ship!
And as long as you're on it,
we're going to go after the bounties
I say we go after.
Do you feel better?
Yeah. A little.
Good.
[sighs] I need this one.
And you owe me, Spike!
Hey, you…
Okay.
All right. [clears throat]
[grunts]
[beeps]
[Spike] Who's she?
Girlfriend, maybe?
Ah, she's pregnant too.
Why do all the pretty ones
end up with psychos?
It's beyond me.
[music playing]
[upbeat music playing]
[indistinct chatter]
[Spike] Excuse me.
Have you seen this man right here?
I ain't seen shit since Earth!
[laughing]
Ooph.
Thank you.
I hate this place. [sighs]
[barkeep] He killed them all.
Some with his bare hands.
I ain't never seen nothing like it.
Then some others, just like them,
they came in
and they, uh, they took away the bodies.
[shudders]
[sighs]
Goddamn Syndicate.
[barkeep] Who else cleans up the dead
like they never died?
[both laugh]
Anything else?
[clears throat]
[scoffs]
-Right before you…
-Mmm-hmm.
someone else came in asking after him.
Who?
Young bird. Purple hair.
That's not what we're here for.
We can't compromise any more.
[Jet] Excuse me, fellas.
Have you, by any chance, seen this man?
I saw him.
Didn't look so good.
Sick maybe.
Really?
Do you know if there's
a clinic or a hospital nearby?
-[sobbing]
-[groaning]
[grunts]
[Spike] May I help you with that?
[woman 1] I'm sorry?
May I?
-It's bad for your health, I hear.
-[scoffs]
Yeah. I've heard that too.
Hey, forgive this for coming off
like a cheap pick-up line,
but what is a nice girl like you doing in
a nasty cesspool of a place like this?
Hmm, I'm just passing through.
Where you headed?
[chuckles] I guess it doesn't matter.
Anywhere's better than this rock,
believe me.
So, why are you here?
Oh, I hear there's, um,
great dancing at The Fox.
[woman 1 chuckling]
Have you ever been to Mars?
I was born there.
I haven't been since I was a little girl.
But I remember it was beautiful.
You know,
a good place to start a new life.
It's never too late to start a new life.
You okay?
Yeah. Never better.
You just…
[somber music playing]
You just remind me of someone.
Really?
[cell phone vibrating]
[beeps]
So, um…
Where's your man?
He's running an errand.
He'll be here shortly.
-Rough trade being a romantic.
-[woman 1] Hmm.
Spoken like a man
who's never been in love.
I was.
Once.
What happened?
I was dreaming.
-It was time to wake up.
-[gun cocks]
[woman 2] Wow. Those are some
real pretty words there, cowboy.
Does that shit work on all the girls?
Can I help you?
Yeah. You can kindly fuck off.
Nothing personal,
your mark's coming with me.
I don't know what you're doing,
but I was here first.
-He's mine.
-The boyfriend?
I don't give a shit about him.
I'm after her.
-What?
-Hi.
One, get that gun off me,
or I'm going to make you eat it.
And two, why would anyone care about her?
There's no bounty on her.
Oh, I care about her
because Ellis Montgomery does.
Pack up your bags,
'cause Daddy wants you home.
No.
-Wait.
-[woman 1] No, no, no.
-She's Katerina Montgomery?
-[woman 2] She is.
Please. Help me, I can't go back there.
[chuckles] I know.
But a whole lot of money says otherwise.
You don't know him!
-You don't know what he's like!
-Everyone knows your dad…
Rich, powerful, total dick.
Get over it and move.
Walk away.
Now.
I don't know if you've noticed, boy toy,
but I'm the one…
Hey! [grunts]
[grunts]
-[gunshot]
-[screams]
[upbeat music playing]
[Asimov] Katerina!
[both grunting]
[woman grunting]
[tires screeching]
[both breathing heavily]
I'll give you one last chance
to stop this shit before I kick you… Ah!
[grunting]
[somber music playing]
[woman grunts]
What the hell, psycho?
The bounty's worth squat
if you put a bullet in them!
-[Spike] How about I put a bullet in you?
-Shit.
-[music playing]
-[knocking at door]
[Jet] Spike!
Spike!
[sighs]
Who's in the bathroom?
[woman] Please let me out of here!
[Spike] What?
Who's in the bathroom?
[woman] Hey, dick-hole!
Can you please let me out of here?
-God, does anyone ever clean up in here?
-[buzzer sounds]
Gross!
[scoffs] Finally.
Hey, uh, super cool accommodations,
uh, but do you think you could handcuff me
to an even bigger, more disgusting toilet?
'Cause that would be great.
Who are you supposed to be?
Jet Black, meet Faye Valentine.
Hey… Fuck you!
-[buzzer sounds]
-I'm just kidding. I'm sorry.
We got off on the wrong foot.
Kick the key under the door…
We have a problem.
Apparently, when Asimov showed up
at the bar,
the Syndicate came gunning for him.
The Syndicate?
Yeah, it gets worse.
Asimov is one of them.
He was trying to move Red Eye.
Shit.
[Faye] Are you guys
afraid of the Syndicate?
Okay, who is she?
She's a bounty hunter.
Her mark is Ellis Montgomery's daughter.
Asimov's girl.
God damn it.
[Faye] Yeah, and she's mine,
so don't get any ideas!
They want to escape together
and start a new life
and because Asimov's stupid and in love,
he sees his chance.
So, he stole something from the Syndicate,
trying to make a score on his own,
now they're trying to disappear.
[Faye scoffs] Which they did
thanks to pretty boy.
She said she wanted to go to Mars.
Hmm.
We've got to find Asimov before they do.
And this city is crawling with them.
Okay. Hey, I would agree…
But you always say
that we've got to live by rules,
and the rule is, when it comes
to the Syndicate, we walk away.
Right?
-Suddenly you give a shit about the rules.
-No--
Right when I need to buy my daughter
a birthday present?
Jet!
You don't want my daughter
to have a birthday?
This isn't going to get us paid!
It's going to get us dead.
Hmm.
If Asimov and Katerina
are trying to get to Mars,
-they're going to need a ship.
-[Spike] Oh, no.
And I think I know exactly where
they're going to get it from.
Jet.
Don't appreciate being ignored.
[Faye] All right! Go, team!
We're gonna split this 50-50, right?
Guys?
[music playing]
-[engine starts]
-[beeping]
[engine roars]
[engine revving]
Okay.
[exhales]
Hey, guys!
Hey, computer, find me
whoever owns this piece of shit boat.
[automated voice] Password required.
Okay.
Fucking idiots.
[tires screeching]
[mechanic] Whoa!
Hey, you guys can't be here!
Spaceport's closed!
You can run, or you can die.
You're going to kill your way to Mars?
You.
-No one has to get hurt here.
-[grunts]
[Katerina shuddering]
You really think
you're going to be safe anywhere?
If the cops and the bounty hunters
don't get you, the Syndicate will.
We'll take our chances.
[Spike] There's no happy ending here
for you, Asimov.
But there can be for her.
What are you doing, Spike?
[Spike] I can help her get away.
You just have to let me.
[somber music playing]
Not interested.
[grunting]
[Katerina] Please don't hurt him!
[shatters]
[growling]
[all grunting]
Asimov!
Kill them all!
[gasping]
Katerina, get out of here!
[grunts]
[yelling]
You said Asimov was alone!
Who the fuck are these guys?
I don't know!
[screams]
[somber music playing]
[music playing]
[grunts]
Help me!
Come on, we've got to go!
[grunts]
[both grunting]
[groaning]
Fearless.
It's not possible.
You're dead. We killed you.
Yeah.
You did.
And I want to keep it that way, Chivo.
[breath trembling]
[choking]
-[Spike grunts]
-[coughs]
Asimov!
Get up, we have to go! Come on.
[coughing]
[engine roaring]
I'm kind of impressed.
-Daddy's little rich girl can fly.
-[sighs]
Is that my gun?
Give me that.
-You guys are dicks.
-[sighs]
Come on.
[chuckles]
[breath trembling]
Baby, I love you.
I love you, Asimov. [chuckles]
We're going to Mars.
[somber music playing]
[sobbing]
[man over radio] Attention all ships.
This is an ISSP action.
You are ordered to stop.
[sobbing continues]
[warbling]
[man] Turn away from the gate
or you will be fired upon.
[vehicle approaching]
[Spike over radio] Katerina, listen to me.
It's over.
There's nowhere to go.
[man] I repeat, turn away from the gate
or you will be fired upon.
Katerina, come on, turn around.
Let me help you.
Just like you said, right?
It's time to wake up.
[engine accelerating]
[man 1] And you will shed
tears of scarlet.
Asimov…
where is he?
I swear, it wasn't our fault.
The place went all to hell,
there were these cowboys and…
they killed him.
[man 1] Cowboys?
[man 2] Yeah.
One of them… [shudders]
he killed Chivo, he killed everyone.
Cowboys
killed a dozen of my men?
[stutters]
I didn't recognize him.
But Chivo, he called him Fearless.
[shuddering]
But…
But that can't be right. Can it?
[scoffs] I mean…
Fearless is dead.
Right?
[groans]
Find this bounty hunter.
If he really is Fearless,
bring me his head.
Is everything okay?
Old business.
[chuckles]
[sighs]
My love.
Nothing to concern yourself over.
[jazz music playing]